hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and this is my review of the razor
blades stealth so this laptop turned a
lot of heads at CES because it's the
dream right you take the flexibility of
an ultrabook
and then you combine it with the power
of a desktop graphics card and then you
profit right here's my review okay
inside the shipping box you get the
razor box inside that you get more boxes
inside those you get the AC adapter in
one the razor blade and another and some
pamphlets the top surface is a black
anodized aluminum it's a different
material from the razor blade 14 this is
a much smoother material that doesn't
like exfoliate your skin but it shows
smudges more readily it still has a
light-up Razer logo up front the bottom
surface is the same material you have
some rubber strips to raise it up for
air flow and then some intake vents you
can access the internals by removing
some screws on the inside you can see
that the 8 gigs of ram is soldered on
which is a bummer because 8 gigs is kind
of sufficient now but 16 is so much more
comfortable right and if you're really
careful you can detach and lift up the
ribbon cable here and then you can
upgrade the storage drive underneath
it's an m2 PCIe drive and you might want
to upgrade that you'll see why in a bit
the screen is very rigid there's very
little flex it's actually one of the
stiffest screens I've used the hinge is
also really solid and well tuned it
feels durable and you can easily open
this thing with one hand the keyboard
chassis area has the slightest amount of
flex but this is just the result of how
thin the devices overall this is top of
the line build quality ok going around
the sides we have a USB C Thunderbolt 3
port which you can use to charge the
laptop and then connect to the Razer
core I use B 3 and
phone jack and on the right side we have
HDMI out and the second USB 3 port
there's an LED light up at the front to
show power status and there's no SD card
slot in terms of its relative size we
have the MacBook Air on the bottom here
it's getting a little old but I'd
consider to be in the same class of
laptop the razor blade stealth in the
middle and an XPS 13 on the top so this
unit here has a skylake dual core i7
running at 2.5 gigahertz a quad HD
touchscreen integrated Intel graphics
eight gigs of ram 128 gigs of storage
and it goes for $1000 u.s. now this is
the base model they offer a 4k screen
and bigger drive options but no RAM or
CPU upgrades currently it's the same
anodized metal finish on the inside and
the fingerprints are still an issue here
the keyboard has Razer chroma which is
some next-level stuff you can basically
create any kind of color combination you
can go like full psychedelic you can do
cool color effects you can color up
sections of keys individual keys
anything flies and it's a lot of fun the
keyboard also has anti-ghosting so you
can hit a bunch of keys at once and
they'll all register the typing
experience is OK the layout is pretty
good but I wish the up-arrow was higher
than the left and right keys and the
keyboard doesn't feel cramped or
anything but the keys have a shorter
travel than I'm used to so it took a
little while to get comfortable with it
the glass trackpad is not bad it has an
excellent texture and it's not too
smooth the button mechanism is also
pretty good but I experienced a cursor
skip once in a while it's relatively
rare occurrence but it's there the
screen on this model is a 12.5 X o
screen running at 2560 by 1440 the
bezels are very thick for 2016 device
but the viewing angles and the contrast
are excellent it's a glossy screen but
it is bright enough to compensate for
most reflections and it's usable in
brightly lit rooms the color accuracy on
the quad HD screen is actually very good
even for color accurate work now for an
extra $200 there is a 4k screen option
that's a 100% Adobe RGB but it does
drain batteries a little bit quicker the
webcam up top is 2 megapixel and it's
pretty sharp for a webcam the drive in
here is the PM 951
Samsung and if you've seen my other
videos with pm9 five ones in it
the smaller the drive is the slower they
are and this 128 gig is the smallest
size I've used and consequently the
slowest drive I've used from this series
so my recommendation is to swap this out
for a faster drive these right speeds
are really bad in terms of gaming
lightweight games like csgo and dota 2
those will play it around 55 frames per
second at lowest graphics settings at
1080p if you want better frame rates you
have to drop the resolution a more
demanding game like the new Rainbow six
is still playable but frame rates are
lower at around 45 frames per second you
can sometimes hit 60 frames per second
if you lower the resolution enough but
depending on the game it's pretty tough
and hardcore 3d games like Witcher 3 or
Assassin's Creed unity run horribly on
the integrated card now the companion to
this is the razor core it's an external
box that can put your video card of
choice into and then you connect your
laptop to it it's coming out soon and
there's no doubt that you'll get
massively improved gaming performance by
connecting the razor core I and curious
about that Thunderbolt 3 connection
because it only pushes out around 5
gigabytes per second so that's like 40
megabits per second and a desktop PC iu3
pushes out around 16 gigabytes per
second that's a huge difference in
bandwidth I'll have to take a look
another thing is that this is a 2 core
CPU so that can bottleneck some high-end
graphics cards for some CPU intensive
games but the last thing to keep in mind
is that this is a Thunderbolt 3
connection so theoretically any laptop
with a Thunderbolt 3 port can take the
Razer core and should theoretically be
able to use it I'm sure you'll need some
like Driver updates and potential like a
BIOS update from the manufacturer but
don't feel pressured into thinking that
you need the Razer Blade stealth to make
this whole thing happen but when I get
it in I will be doing a full review of
it so you should probably subscribe ok
it uses a 45 watt AC adapter and it
charges over USB see it takes a little
less than two hours to juice the battery
up from 0 and under normal use I got
around 6 and a half hours of battery
life with screen at 80% brightness and
playing games I got around 1 and a half
hours battery life on the 4k screen
would obviously be shorter the speaker's
are facing straight up which I always
like but they sound pretty mediocre they
don't get very loud the bass is
definitely lacking
tinnie the one good thing though is that
even at max volume the sound doesn't get
very distorted one of the most common
complaints of the razor blade 14 from
last year it ran hot because packing a
970m
in a super thin chassis like that is
just risky business this time around
because of that low voltage CPU and the
lack of a dedicated graphics chip it
stays cool it'll break a hundred degrees
in a couple hot spots but overall the
device has comfortable thermals it's
silent at idle and even under full load
the fans stay very quiet ok the Razer
Blade stealth it's a metal unibody
chassis very well built really portable
12.5 inch quad HD touchscreen it's a
great screen and unless you really need
4k I'd stick with this one the speakers
are in a great spot but they don't sound
amazing the key word is super cool with
the lighting but keystrokes are a little
shallow the trackpad is not bad on the
inside the skylight i7 is well cooled
and a decent performer but it might
bottleneck some games when it's
connected to the Razer core the 8 gigs
of RAM is barely sufficient and it's
soldered on
but the m2 storage is fortunately
upgradable and lastly power and all of
this is a battery that lasts around 6
and a half hours of regular use ok
here's the thing I don't really consider
the razor blade itself as a true gaming
laptop it's made by Razer and it's got a
couple cool gaming features like the
light-up keyboard and the anti ghosting
on the keyboard but it's got very
similar specs to say something like the
XPS 13 and I would never consider that
thing a gaming laptop but what this
thing is is a really good ultrabook it's
black it's thin it's really light it's
made by Razer and it's really well
priced especially for a razer product
but ultimately you have to have this
thing tethered to play games and to me
that makes it no different from any
other laptop with a Thunderbolt 3 port
so keep that in mind that's the end of
this review I hope you guys liked it
thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time